New Analytics section (#107)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/analytics/analytics.md

# Analytics
Timescale Analytics is a PostreSQL extension containing a specialized set of
functions that allow you to to analyze time-series data. You can use it to
analyze anything you have stored as time-series data, including IoT devices, IT
systems, marketing analytics, user behavior, financial metrics, and
cryptocurrency. Timescale Analytics uses [Promscale][doc-promscale], an
open-source analytics platform for Prometheus monitoring data.

Timescale Analytics allows you to perform critical time-series queries quickly,
analyze time-series data, and extract meaningful information. It aims to
identify, build, and combine all of the functionality SQL needs to perform
time-series analysis into a single extension.

## Monotonic counters
Monotonic counters are basic counters that only ever increase. For example,
measuring the number of visitors to a website. If you want to know how many
people are visiting your website over time, you can use the change in the

> monotonic counter to determine the success fo the campaighn. You can do this in

Author: ```suggestion
monotonic counter to determine the success of the campaign. You can do this in
```
```suggestion
monotonic counter to determine the success fo the campaighn. You can do this in
```

native SQL with a query like this:
```sql
SELECT sum(counter_reset_val) + last(counter, ts) - first(counter, ts) as counter_delta
FROM (
    SELECT *,
        CASE WHEN counter - lag(counter) OVER (ORDER BY ts ASC) < 0
            THEN lag(counter) OVER (ORDER BY ts ASC)
            ELSE 0
        END as counter_reset_val
    FROM user_counter
) f;
```
To perform the same query in Timescale Analytics:
```sql
SELECT delta(counter_agg(counter, ts)) as counter_delta FROM user_counter;
```

> There are many examples like this: scenarios where it’s possible to write a

Author: ```suggestion
There are many examples like this: scenarios where it's possible to write a
```
```suggestion
There are many examples like this: scenarios where it’s possible to write a
```

query native SQL, but the resulting code is relatively complicated to write, and
to understand.

Additionally, monotonic counters should only ever increase, but the value is
often read from an ephemeral source that can get reset to zero at any time, due
to a disk problem or other catastrophic event. To analyze data effectively from
this kind of source, you need to be able to account for resets. To do this,
whenever the counter appears to decrease, it is assumed that a reset occurred,
and the value read after the reset is added to the value immediately before the
reset.

## Tools for graphing

> When you graphing time-series data you need to perform operations such as

Author: ```suggestion
When you are graphing time-series data you need to perform operations such as
```
